{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red153\green153\blue153;\red217\green217\blue217;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sl240\slmult1\lang9\b\f0\fs24                                                          \ul\fs32 RESUME\par
\pard\sl240\slmult1\qc\ulnone\b0\f1\fs22\par
\pard\sl360\slmult1\b\f0\fs28 P. SHAJI \par
\b0\fs24 Mob   : 09388703899 .7560942147.\par
Email :,shaji_eazylogin@rediffmail.com\b  \b0  shaji.eazylogin@gmail.com\b                                                                                                                 Experience : 8 Years in Insurance & Financial Industries.\b0\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab                                                                 \tab                                                                                                                                                                  \par
\pard\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs22\par
\highlight1\b\f0\fs28 OBJECTIVE\par
\highlight0\b0\f1\fs22\par
\pard\sl360\slmult1\qj\f0\fs24 I am open to any opportunities where I can prove my potential and attain the given goals with hard work, dedication, and sincerity. To be in an organization those recognize and value. Individual contribution and help in the over all growth of the institution and myself as a person .I have a keen desire to continuously develop and nature a corporate business culture, Besides motivating and leading my team successfully towards assigned goal.\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\sb240\sa60\sl240\slmult1\ul\b\fs28 PRESENT PROFILE\par
\pard\sl240\slmult1\ulnone\b0\f1\fs22\par
\pard\li288\sb20\sl360\slmult1\qj\i\f0\fs24 Presently working with \b HDFC Standard Life Insurance Company Ltd. as Business Development Manager, Manjeri,\b0    Since April 2010 to June 2015.\par
\pard\li288\sb20\sl240\slmult1\qj\tx864\i0\f1\fs22\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\sb20\sl240\slmult1\qj\tx16775272\f0\fs24 Deft at attaining the set targets as well as launching new brands.\par
\pard\sb20\sl240\slmult1\qj\tx288\f1\fs22\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\sb20\sl240\slmult1\qj\tx16775272\f0\fs24 Demonstrated abilities in expanding the Market, Brand Building and generating New Business and targeting the potential customers.\par
\pard\li288\sb20\sl240\slmult1\qj\tx864\f1\fs22\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\sb20\sl240\slmult1\qj\tx16775272\f0\fs24 Exposure in marketing plan execution, product promotion and implementation of business strategies to accomplish the decided targets\par
\pard\li288\sb20\sl240\slmult1\qj\tx864  \par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\sb20\sl240\slmult1\qj\tx16775272 Excellent Interpersonal, Communication and Organizational Skills with proven abilities in Team Management, Customer Relationship Management and Planning.\par
\pard\li288\sb20\sl240\slmult1\qj\f1\fs22\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\sb20\sl240\slmult1\qj\tx16775272\f0\fs24 Areas of Excellence:\par
\pard\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs22\par
\pard\li288\sb20\sl240\slmult1\qj\par
\pard\sb20\sl240\slmult1\qj\highlight2\f0\fs24\tab -\tab Business Development\tab\tab\tab -\tab Strategic Planning\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab -\tab People Management\par
\tab -\tab Sales & Marketing\tab\tab\tab\tab -\tab Product Promotion\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab -\tab Channel Management\par
\tab -\tab Distribution Management\tab\tab             -\tab Event Management\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\par
\pard\sl240\slmult1\highlight0\f1\fs22\par
\highlight1\b\f0\fs28 EXPERIENCE\par
\pard\sl360\slmult1\highlight0\b0\f1\fs22\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\sl360\slmult1\i\f0\fs24 September- 2009 to March-2010 worked as a \b Sales Manager\b0  in \b Reliance Life Insurance Co.\i0  \i Ltd\b0 .\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}26\super th\nosupersub  June, 2007 to 30\super th\nosupersub  April, 2009 worked as a \b BUSINESS PARTNER\b0  in \b ICICI Prudential Life\b0  \b Insurance Co.Ltd.\par
\pard\sb20\sl240\slmult1\qj\ul\i0 Role\ulnone  \b0 -\par
\pard\sb20\sl360\slmult1\qj\f1\fs22\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\sb20\sl360\slmult1\qj\f0\fs24 Developing agency strength, conducting social seminars / awareness camps as well as carrying out branded promotional schemes for investments with Agents.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Recruitment of Commission agents, Find out new customers, Conducting Campaigns.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Handling the entire marketing and merchandising activities of the area.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Develop new area for sales and marketing the products. \par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\sl360\slmult1 Achieving the monthly set target.\par
\pard\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs22\par
\pard\sb20\sl240\slmult1\qj\ul\b\f0\fs24 Accomplishments\ulnone  -\par
\b0\f1\fs22\par
\pard\sl360\slmult1\f0\fs24 Recruited more than 20 Licensed Advisors and I had to mould one Advisor as a Gold Premier Member.\par
Through her we had done 24 Lakh Business within one year.\par
\f1\fs22\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\sl360\slmult1\i\f0\fs24 1\super st\nosupersub  February, 2005 to 30\super th\nosupersub  May, 2007 I had owned a \b DSA\b0  of \b ICICI Bank Ltd (Personal Loan & Home Loan)\b0 .\par
\pard\sb20\sl240\slmult1\qj\ul\b\i0 Role\ulnone  -\par
\pard\sb20\sl360\slmult1\qj\b0\f1\fs22\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\sb20\sl360\slmult1\qj\f0\fs24 Handling 7 Sales Executives.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Find out new customers, Maintain good relation with customers.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Develop new area for sales and marketing the products. \par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\sl360\slmult1 Achieving the monthly set target.\par
\pard\sb20\sl240\slmult1\qj\f1\fs22\par
\ul\b\f0\fs24 Accomplishments\ulnone  -\par
\pard\sl240\slmult1\b0\f1\fs22\par
\pard\sb20\sl360\slmult1\qj\tx288\f0\fs24 We successfully handled sales worth Rs. 2 Core 28 lakhs.\par
\pard\sl360\slmult1\qj We were the No. 1 DSA.\par
\f1\fs22\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\sl360\slmult1\i\f0\fs24 1\super st\nosupersub  January, 2004 to 1\super st\nosupersub  January, 2005 worked as a Marketing Executive in a \b DMA\b0  of\par
\pard\li720\sl360\slmult1\b ICICI Bank Ltd.\par
\pard\sl240\slmult1\b0\i0\f1\fs22\par
\pard\sb20\sl240\slmult1\qj\ul\b\f0\fs24 Role\ulnone  -\par
\b0\f1\fs22\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\sb20\sl360\slmult1\qj\f0\fs24 Find out new customers, Maintain good relation with customers.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Develop new area for sales and marketing the products (Loans). \par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\sl360\slmult1 Achieving the monthly set target.\par
\pard\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs22\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\sl240\slmult1\qj\i\f0\fs24 July 2003 to January 2004 worked in \b Reliance India Mobile \b0 as a \b Marketing Executive\b0 .\par
\pard\sl240\slmult1\i0\f1\fs22\par
\par
\highlight1\b\f0\fs28 EDUCATIONAL  QUALIFICATION\par
\pard\sb20\sl240\slmult1\qj\tx288\highlight0\b0\f1\fs22\par
\pard\sl360\slmult1\qj\f0\fs24 Bachelor\rquote s Degree in History with subsidiaries Computer Science and Statistics.\par
\pard\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs22\par
\highlight1\b\f0\fs28 EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES\par
\highlight0\b0\f1\fs22\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\sl360\slmult1\qj\f0\fs24 National Cadet Corps for two years and obtained B certificate with B Grade.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Attended many social activities. \par
\pard\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs22\par
\highlight1\b\f0\fs28 INTEREST AND HOBBIES\par
\highlight0\b0\f1\fs22\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\sl360\slmult1\f0\fs24 Participated in various art festivals during School and College Level. \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Hobbies include reading books and listening music.\par
\pard\sl360\slmult1\f1\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sl240\slmult1\par
\highlight1\b\f0\fs28 STRENGTHS\par
\highlight0\b0\f1\fs22\par
\pard\sl240\slmult1\qj\f0\fs24 Excellent communication skill and hardworking mentality.\par
\f1\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sl240\slmult1\highlight1\b\f0\fs28 PERSONAL PROFILE\par
\pard\sl360\slmult1\highlight0\b0\f1\fs22\par
\f0\fs24 Address                                   :  No. 15, Ambadi,\par
                                                    Sahrudaya Nagar, Melakam, PO Karuvabram,\par
                                                    Manjeri, Malappuram District,Pin 676123,\par
                                                    Kerala.\par
\pard\sl240\slmult1  DOB              \tab\tab              : 4 November, 1971.\par
\f1\fs22\par
\f0\fs24 Religion and Caste                  :  Hindu, Nair.\par
\f1\fs22\par
\f0\fs24 Marital status                           : Married.\par
\f1\fs22\par
\f0\fs24 Nationality\tab                          : Indian.\par
\f1\fs22\par
\f0\fs24 Sex                                           : Male.\par
  \par
Languages known                    : English, Hindi and Malayalam.\par
\f1\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sl360\slmult1\f0\fs24 Date: \b 02.07.2015\par
\b0 Place: \b Manjeri.\par
\pard\sl240\slmult1\b0\f1\fs22\par
\f0\fs24                                                                                                                      SIGNATURE               \par
\f1\fs22\par
\par
\par
\par
}
 