{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0
{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0\fttruetype Nimbus Roman No9 L;}
{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0\fttruetype Nimbus Sans L;}
{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0\fttruetype Dingbats;}
{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0\fttruetype Times;}
{\f4\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0\fttruetype Courier New;}}
{\colortbl
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\stylesheet
{\s1\fi-431\li720\sbasedon28\snext28Contents 1;}
{\s2\fi-431\li1440\sbasedon28\snext28Contents 2;}
{\s3\fi-431\li2160\sbasedon28\snext28Contents 3;}
{\s8\fi-431\li720\sbasedon28Lower Roman List;}
{\s5\tx431\sbasedon24\snext28Numbered Heading 1;}
{\s6\tx431\sbasedon25\snext28Numbered Heading 2;}
{\s7\fi-431\li720Square List;}
{\*\cs11\sbasedon28Endnote Text;}
{\s4\fi-431\li2880\sbasedon28\snext28Contents 4;}
{\s9\fi-431\li720Diamond List;}
{\s10\fi-431\li720Numbered List;}
{\*\cs12\fs20\superEndnote Reference;}
{\s13\fi-431\li720Triangle List;}
{\s14\tx431\sbasedon26\snext28Numbered Heading 3;}
{\s15\fi-431\li720Dashed List;}
{\s16\fi-431\li720\sbasedon10Upper Roman List;}
{\s17\sb440\sa60\f1\fs24\b\sbasedon28\snext28Heading 4;}
{\s18\fi-431\li720Heart List;}
{\s34\fi-431\li720Box List;}
{\s20\fi-431\li720\sbasedon10Upper Case List;}
{\s21\fi-431\li720Bullet List;}
{\s22\fi-431\li720Hand List;}
{\*\cs23\fs20\sbasedon28Footnote Text;}
{\s24\sb440\sa60\f1\fs34\b\sbasedon28\snext28Heading 1;}
{\s25\sb440\sa60\f1\fs28\b\sbasedon28\snext28Heading 2;}
{\s19\qc\sb240\sa120\f1\fs32\b\sbasedon28\snext28Contents Header;}
{\s27\fi-431\li720Tick List;}
{\s26\sb440\sa60\f1\fs24\b\sbasedon28\snext28Heading 3;}
{\s29\fi-431\li720\sbasedon10Lower Case List;}
{\s30\li1440\ri1440\sa120\sbasedon28Block Text;}
{\s36\f4\sbasedon28Plain Text;}
{\s32\tx1584\sbasedon5\snext28Section Heading;}
{\s33\fi-431\li720Implies List;}
{\s28\f0\fs24Normal;}
{\s35\fi-431\li720Star List;}
{\*\cs31\fs20\superFootnote Reference;}
{\s37\tx1584\sbasedon5\snext28Chapter Heading;}}
\kerning0\cf0\ftnbj\fet2\ftnstart1\ftnnar\aftnnar\ftnstart1\aftnstart1\aenddoc\revprop3{\info\uc1}\deftab720\viewkind1\paperw11905\paperh16837\margl1440\margr1440\widowctrl
\sectd\sbknone\colsx360\headery0\footery0\pgncont\ltrsect
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0} }{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}{\b\ul\ulc0 CURRICULUM VITAE} }{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}Vinod Sreedharan Vellody}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0} }{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0} }{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0} }{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}VINOD  SREEDHARAN VELLODY}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}e-mail : vinodvellody@hotmail.com }{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}Contacts:  Mobile:  +91 9400592729}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant with profound management skills, flushing positive energy and motivation to make things happen under challenging circumstances and to take the Company forward with team spirit.}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}Career Objective:}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}To prove worth by  functioning as Chief Financial Controller of huge projects, especially handling intricacies of manufacturing projects and to lead a team of dedicated members , the outlining policy being \uc1\u8220\'93 Grow with the Group rather than individually\uc1\u8221\'94. Good at team work and believes in practically working and wining the race. Handled a group of 18 Financial Controllers of various units reporting to the undersigned.}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}Experience Summary :}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}Wide exposure and experience with Multi National Companies  for over 25 years specially focused on Manufacturing & Trading organizations throughout the career span . Goal oriented Finance & Accounting Controller/ Audit Head with additional ability and skills for handling Group Audits for Projects and new business ventures right from pre-inception stage to successful ambitious growth targets and preparation and presentation of Audit and Financial Reporting based on Corporate requirements and objectives. Team Leader with proven track record of meeting deadlines and goals  and improving the same on a routine basis.          A few of the core competencies include: }{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}-\tab Proven Executive Management Skills}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}-\tab Aggressive Thought Leadership.}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}-\tab Strategic, exceptional Team building and Management Skills.}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\uc1\u8226\'95\tab Investment Portfolios\tab \tab \tab Cash Management}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\uc1\u8226\'95\tab Strategic Planning\tab \tab \tab \tab Budgeting}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\uc1\u8226\'95\tab Project Report Preparation\tab \tab \tab Costing & Control Programs}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\uc1\u8226\'95\tab Internal & Concurrent Audit \tab \tab Financial & Acctg Manual Preparation}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\uc1\u8226\'95\tab Time and Motion Study\tab \tab \tab Efficiency Improvements}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\uc1\u8226\'95\tab Technology & ERP Integration\tab \tab Accounting Management}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\uc1\u8226\'95\tab Administrative Skills & Controls\tab \tab Retailing & Man Management}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\uc1\u8226\'95\tab Purchases & Controls\tab \tab \tab Sales & Marketing}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}In a nutshell I have been into hard core financial aspects and has been heading portfolios related to Banking , Internal Audit , Treasury Management, Fund Mobilization, Acquisition/ Mergers for nearly 24 years now Direct and Indirect Taxation for nearly 11 years. I can tune myself and grasp any area and related activities being handled by the organization as a whole. }{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}Domains exposed to: Heading conglomerates related to Finance & Accounts/ Administration and General Project Management of Construction \uc1\u8211\'96 Civil / Road/  Projects, Glass Manufacturing, Electronic Products Manufacturing, I.T. Industry , Steel Casting Industries, Dairy / Juice/ Ice-Cream, Bakery /Food Industries., Motor Vehicles dealerships, BPO etc.}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0} }{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}CAREER & TRACK RECORD \uc1\u8211\'96          26+ years}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}Worked in SAIF ZONE as Group Finance Head of a Multinational Group.}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}Worked in Saudi Arabia / SAIF ZONE, UAE with Multinational Groups as Group Financial Controller/ General Manager w.e.f. October 2007 to October 2013 \uc1\u8211\'96 Heading Finance & Accounts, Purchases, Sales, Warehousing and all related departments \uc1\u8211\'96 Reporting to Board Of Directors as Custodian of Company Assets and Controller of all departments. Advisor to Board Of Directors and Shareholders on all matters related to growth of Company and Internal Controls / Optimum utilization of Company assets. Operating in almost all GCC countries with interests in Construction, Industries, Marine Building, Glass ., Aluminum Industries & Retailing \uc1\u8211\'96 28 Mega showrooms.}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}Setting up of Internal Audit & Centralized Operations Department \uc1\u8211\'96 (Assignment)}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}Sutherland Global Services , a U.S. based I.T. / BPO company in Chennai and other cities of India and Overseas ( June 2006 to September 2007 )}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}Organizing Auditing / Financial / Accounting/Administrative/ Marketing policies and procedures as well as driving the team members towards the corporate goal within limited time framework and defined parameters.  Selecting the right Business partners in all major cities of India as well as GCC countries, Malaysia, Singapore etc.,  is a major task along with monitoring performance in day to day basis.}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}Preparation of Audit strategies, monitoring and routine reporting of audit variations to management, Financial & Accounting Manual, budgeting, weekly follow up of budgets and variance analysis, cost reduction, liaison with Banks for project expansion project implementation technique adoption etc., is an integral part of my job, which includes driving the total team with set goals. Staff strength \uc1\u8211\'96 7580.}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}Al Mulla Group Of Companies , Kuwait}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0} August 2003 to May 2006 - Controller (Audit /Accounts & Administration)\tab }{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}Al Mulla Group is a US$ 1480 million conglomerate having its wings spread into areas such as Engineering and Construction , Car sales/rentals, Office Equipment Products, Electronics retailing, Steel building systems and insulation for vehicles, power products & industrial lighting, travel, freight and shipping, consumer and trade credit, insurance, advertising, real estates etc., and employs nearly 4800 employees with a global clientele  list. Al Mulla is one of Kuwait\uc1\u8217\'92s largest and conservative trading Groups with its business spread in all GCC and Middle East countries with a staff strength of 3850 as of 2006.}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}Setting up and implementing financial / accounting / auditing systems control for various construction projects & companies, especially new projects and companies, manufacturing and trading units in Kuwait and projects / sales offices in  Saudi Arabia, U.A.E, Bahrain,  Qatar etc. }{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}Implemented systems and measures for setting up finance & accounting dept., audit department, staffing, optimizing costs, financial management, implementing integrated ERP package, liasion with auditors, inventory control, Debtors control, streamlining finance/accounts department, shipping/ logistics dept., general project management etc. All the operational and financial areas were set in order by implementing proper procedures and controls which led to maximization of profits. Dealing with Banks for facility utilization and Import management is one of the prime responsibilities.}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}Setting up of Finance & accounts department, Internal Audit department , recruitment of staff and setting up administrational, technical and accounting parameters was an integral part of the above assignment., coupled with total control over project management and timely completion of projects at optimal costs.}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}Nasr Arabian Group of Oman and their associates in U.A.E}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}November 1997 to August 2003 \uc1\u8211\'96 Group Financial Controller including setting up of  Internal Audit Procedures and Implementation}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}Key player in expansion activities, investment for the group/owners, preparation of financial / audit procedures & strategies / project reports /viability studies etc., with a Group turnover of US$ 795 million .}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}Handled all activities of the entire group related to Project management, Finance & Accounts,  Audit , Administration / Personnel matters, Purchases, Import / Export and all routine activities. Had production units also and introduced / implemented Audit / Costing systems and control policies. Well versed in formulating and submitting project reports to Banks for facilities, close follow up and liaison with Banks, documentation of all Banking activities like Letter Of Credits, Bank Guarantees etc. Had perfect and exhaustive M.I.S on routine basis. Reporting to Board Of Directors and Bank. Span of Control \uc1\u8211\'96 928 staff. The company was into manufacturing of Steel Castings for Petroleum Industries ,  construction of projects/ buildings/ roads, Ready Mix / Tiles factory, Batching plants, Bulk Import and re-export of commodities., Hypermarkets., Poultry farms etc. Had projects , factories & offices in U.A.E. also which was under the direct control of the undersigned & hence I am aware of the market and the rules and regulations of U.A.E.}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}FloatGlass India Limited (A joint venture of TATA\uc1\u8217\'92S and ASAHI\uc1\u8217\'92S of Japan)}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0} January 1995 to September 1997 \uc1\u8211\'96 Senior Officer ( Finance / Accounts /Audit )}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}Reporting to Director \uc1\u8211\'96 Finance & Accounts of the Group at the Head Office. }{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}Was actively involved in all the main F&A activities of the factory at the incorporation and pre-production stage, including setting up of Audit department and its efficient and smooth running. This Company was into production of plain and tinted glasses and the factory was located at Bombay. Handled audit of all accounting, financial / sales control transactions & administrative work . Was in-charge of PR works with Ministries for various Govt. licensing and approvals.}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}Kinetic Technology India Limited (A Manessan Company of  The Netherlands)}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0} January 1988 to January 1995 \uc1\u8211\'96 Officer / Manager (Accounts & Audit)}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}Reporting to Group Financial Controller . Started career as Officer and later promoted as Manager at their corporate office in New Delhi . }{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}Basically inducted into the Corporate F&A wing of the Group with around 14 locations, including construction of huge factories and project management for multi-national companies. The scope of work of the Company included right from blue print stage to final production, thus completing all civil/mechanical/electrical jobs for the jobs undertaken. The Company also had 3 factories manufacturing electronic items such as Tele-printers, Telephone instruments, TV picture tubes etc. Handled all routine audit /accounting/ administrative jobs, dealing with banks for facilities and regularizing the same, liaison with Statutory / Internal auditors, attending to Taxation matters etc. }{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}Varma &Varma, Chartered Accountants, Cochin}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}December 1984 to December 1987}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}Was the best C.A. firm in South India and run in the best professional manner with the best professionals on board as Partners. Had the rare chance to undergo articleship with one of the best CA\uc1\u8217\'92s in India. Considerable insight into accounting and audit was received since I was involved in audit/accounting of various types of organizations such as Tyre Manufacturing, Hospitals, Oil Refining, Banks, Finance Companies, various Proprietary/ Partnership firms/ Limited Companies etc. }{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}Key achievements during career span :}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\uc0\u-3844 \tab Project management for various heavy construction projects and project expansion activities. }{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\uc0\u-3844 \tab Implementing financial and administrative discipline in all industries where I had a chance to be a part.}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\uc0\u-3844 \tab Team building  and being the captain and enjoys working under pressure.}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\uc0\u-3844 \tab Motivating team members and being a part of them to ensure that targets are met and staff retention is optimized.}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\uc0\u-3844 \tab Budgeting and tight budgetary control by close interaction with team members}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\uc0\u-3844 \tab Effective MIS reporting to the management at the least time period.}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\uc0\u-3844 \tab Cost reduction in all areas}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\uc0\u-3844 \tab Had the rare chance to implement 4 different ERP packages to streamline work flow and operations.}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\uc0\u-3844 \tab Debtors Control / Inventory control, optimum utilization of assets and facilities etc.}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\uc0\u-3844 \tab Strategic Planning and In depth knowledge of Budgeting coupled with making the team understand the importance of the same and adhering to the set budgets or improving the same.}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\uc0\u-3844 \tab Dealing with bankers and other financial institutions for facilities at the best rate.}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\uc0\u-3844 \tab  Over and above all, interacting with tem members, within and outside the Company and making them feel that we are all one \uc1\u8211\'96 a common goal i.e. HR administration.}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}Employment Summary \uc1\u8211\'96 Project Management / Operations / Audit / Finance & Accounts}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}Industry\tab From\tab To\tab Domain}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\tab \tab \tab }{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}Group Financial Controller/ General Manager with Multinational Groups \uc1\u8211\'96 Saudi Arabia & UAE\tab Oct 2007\tab October 2013\tab Aquaculture Company \uc1\u8211\'96 Semi Extensive Shrimp Farming, Distribution, Construction, Industries, Building Materials showrooms, Marine Building, Glass ., Aluminum Industries & Retailing \uc1\u8211\'96 28 Mega showrooms .}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\tab \tab \tab }{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}Sutherland Global Services ., India}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}(Assignment)\tab June-06\tab Sept  07\tab I.T., BPO}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\tab \tab \tab }{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}Al Mulla Group., Kuwait\tab Aug-03\tab May-06\tab Project management, Setting up of Industries, Motor Vehicles & Electronic equipments Distribution, Trading activities etc.}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\tab \tab \tab }{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}Nasr Arabian Group, U.A.E\tab Nov-97\tab Aug-03\tab Construction & related Factories, Trade,}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\tab \tab \tab Steel Casting Industries}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\tab \tab \tab }{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}Float Glass India Ltd., Mumbai\tab Jan-95\tab Sep-97\tab Manufacture of Float Glass & Tints}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\tab \tab \tab }{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}Kinetic Technologies India Ltd., Delhi\tab Jan-88\tab Jan-95\tab Electronic Factories, Project Construction}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\tab \tab \tab }{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}Varma & Varma, Cochin\tab Dec-84\tab Dec-87\tab Articleship- Audit of all types of Companies}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\tab \tab \tab          }{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}EDUCATION}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\uc0\u-3880 \tab 1994 \tab Institute Of Chartered Accountants Of India}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}Advanced Accounting, Cost Accounting, Financial Management, Audit, Tax Laws and International Accounting Standards}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\uc0\u-3880 \tab 1988\tab Institute Of Cost & Works Accountants Of India}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}Cost Accounting, Advanced Accounting,  Financial Management, Audit}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\uc0\u-3880 \tab 1984\tab Bachelor in Commerce from Calicut University, Kerala}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}Advanced Accounting, Cost Accounting and various Commercial and International Laws}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}PERSONAL DETAILS}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}Date Of Birth, Age\tab \tab \tab :   25-02-1963 , 51+ years}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}Domicile\tab \tab \tab \tab :  Calicut ( Kerala - India )}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}Passport Details\tab \tab \tab \tab :  Holding valid Indian Passport}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}Driving License\tab \tab \tab \tab :  Valid Indian and GCC license\tab }{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}Joining Period\tab \tab \tab \tab : Immediate          }{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}  }{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}Health\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab : Possess sound health and can take up challenging assignments}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab   and travel anywhere at any time for official needs. }{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}Family Details\tab : House Wife , Daughter studying for Medicine in Kerala and Son }{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab    doing Graduation in  Bangalore.}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}CTC Expected          \tab : Negotiable based on company/job profile \uc1\u8211\'96 Challenging  Job and  }{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}          Job satisfaction is the key criteria.          }{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}Relocation\tab \tab \tab \tab :  Any Country - can be on tour for official purposes.}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0} }{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}Vinod Sreedharan Vellody}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}}